# Online-Playground-Booking-System
 This Sports Playground Booking Website is proposed for booking the Playground in an easy and efficient way. It has three modules namely, Admin, Manager and User. Admin can login and can add playground locations, assign manager by creating login credentials for manager, add price details for the particular Sport Playground, manages various Playground and view the details of sports venues booking for all locations. Managers assigned by the Admin are different for different playground locations. Managers will get login credentials from admin, he/she can login using credentials, he/she can check the rates, view the request for sports booking for the respective location, can accept booking, generate bill and can view the booking history. Users can check the availability of the Sports Playground, select timings, fill personal details, can pay by providing bank details or card details and he/she can also see view previous Sports Playground Booking history. Playground are used to play various sports like Football, Rugby, Tennis, Cricket, etc. People enjoy playing on the Spots Playground, It has vibrant environment and huge area to play with safety. Many School Teams and Clubs prefer Sports playground for practice and Training Purpose. Sometime, It becomes difficult to book Sports Playground because of timing issue or the slot getting booked previously. The objective is too making it easier for people to play sport. Online Sports Playground Booking System is on a mission to remove barriers to getting people active. Whether that's finding facilities, booking activities or connecting people in their local area, we want to simplify it all.  
